i.	As this is primarily an empirical paper, it lives and dies on the measurement of A and L_A. On the one hand, the fact that it is identified off of within province variation is reassuring. Yet the main result ---that tropical areas have lower elasticities than temperate ones--- could very well be driven by mismeasurement. Although the paper recognizes this possibility, it largely fails to convince that this mismeasurement is not driving the results.
ii.	Thus, A is a theoretical maximum using today’s technology and crop mixtures, and L_A is the allocation of labor today. Even abstracting from the issues involved in using these measures to get at long-run Malthusian relationships, there is no discussion of the costs of reaching A. In other words, why shouldn’t I read the results as simply in equilibrium temperate places take advantage of the inherent potential of the land more than in tropical regions and so allocate more labor to those place getting closer to the theoretical PPF. That story is consistent with the results, unless I am missing something.
iii.	Relatedly, I was a bit unclear about how to thing about the use of modern data to get at Malthusian relationships. The paper frames this issue as one of measurement error. Yet the use of A which seems to be derived using assumptions of modern techniques seems deeply problematic. I would have benefitted from a more detailed discussion of the data here. 
iv. Maybe one way to get at some of these issues would be to restrict this to areas that are still believed to be in a Malthusian equilibrium and just throw out everybody else. Of course, this means that one loses significant statistical power, but I think that showing that the results are similar in this subsample would really do a lot to get at some of these issues. 
v.	I wasn’t completely clear on how the differences in tropical and temperate betas are being estimated (are the standard errors coming from seemingly unrelated regressions?). It seems like these regressions are being run separately by tropical and temperate. Why not just include interactions as then the differences would automatically have standard errors (instead of just the p-values currently reported).